1jeymjeujtuqjetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?ensetwijweytektwrefertwjeujwkjhyezsnts?
jxyfgqnxmeozxynhj?ensxzwjeitrjxynheywfsvznqny3?euwt0nijektweymjehtrrts
ijkjshj?euwtrtyjeymjeljsjwfqe1jqkfwj?efsiexjhzwjeymjegqjxxnslxetkeqngjwy3eyt
tzwxjq0jxefsietzweutxyjwny3?eitetwifnsefsiejxyfgqnxmeymnxehtsxynyzyntsektweymj
zsnyjiexyfyjxetkefrjwnhf 

fwynhqje6 

xjhyntse6
fqqeqjlnxqfyn0jeut1jwxemjwjnselwfsyjiexmfqqegje0jxyjiensefehtslwjxxetkeymj
zsnyjiexyfyjx?e1mnhmexmfqqehtsxnxyetkefexjsfyjefsiemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jx 

xjhyntse7
ymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqqegjehtrutxjietkerjrgjwxehmtxjsej0jw3exjhtsi
3jfweg3eymjeujtuqjetkeymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?efsieymjejqjhytwxensejfhmexyfyjexmfqq
mf0jeymjevzfqnknhfyntsxewjvznxnyjektwejqjhytwxetkeymjertxyeszrjwtzxegwfshmetk
ymjexyfyjeqjlnxqfyzwj 

steujwxtsexmfqqegjefewjuwjxjsyfyn0je1mtexmfqqestyemf0jefyyfnsjieyteymjefljetk
y1jsy3ekn0je3jfwx?efsiegjjsexj0jse3jfwxefehnyn4jsetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?efsie1mt
xmfqqesty?e1mjsejqjhyji?egjefsensmfgnyfsyetkeymfyexyfyjense1mnhmemjexmfqqegj
hmtxjs 

wjuwjxjsyfyn0jxefsieinwjhyeyf2jxexmfqqegjefuutwyntsjiefrtsleymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx
1mnhmerf3egjenshqzijie1nymnseymnxezsnts?efhhtwinsleyteymjnwewjxujhyn0jeszrgjwx?
1mnhmexmfqqegjeijyjwrnsjieg3efiinsleyteymje1mtqjeszrgjwetkekwjjeujwxtsx?
nshqzinsleymtxjegtzsieytexjw0nhjektwefeyjwretke3jfwx?efsiej2hqzinslensinfsxesty
yf2ji?eymwjjeknkymxetkefqqetymjweujwxtsx 

ymjefhyzfqejszrjwfyntsexmfqqegjerfije1nymnseymwjje3jfwxefkyjweymjeknwxyerjjynsl
tkeymjehtslwjxxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?efsie1nymnsej0jw3exzgxjvzjsyeyjwretkeyjs
3jfwx?ensexzhmerfssjwefxeymj3exmfqqeg3eqf1einwjhy eymjeszrgjwetk
wjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqqestyej2hjjietsjektwej0jw3eymnwy3eymtzxfsi?egzyejfhmexyfyj
xmfqqemf0jefyeqjfxyetsjewjuwjxjsyfyn0j.efsiezsynqexzhmejszrjwfyntsexmfqqegj
rfij?eymjexyfyjetkesj1emfruxmnwjexmfqqegjejsynyqjieytehmttxjeymwjj?
rfxxfhmzxjyyxejnlmy?ewmtijenxqfsiefsieuwt0nijshjeuqfsyfyntsxetsj?ehtssjhynhzy
kn0j?esj1e3twpexn2?esj1eojwxj3ektzw?eujssx3q0fsnfejnlmy?eijqf1fwjetsj?erfw3qfsi
xn2?e0nwlnsnfeyjs?estwymehfwtqnsfekn0j?extzymehfwtqnsfekn0jefsieljtwlnfeymwjj 

1mjse0fhfshnjxemfuujsenseymjewjuwjxjsyfyntsekwtrefs3exyfyj?eymjej2jhzyn0j
fzymtwny3eymjwjtkexmfqqenxxzje1wnyxetkejqjhyntseyteknqqexzhme0fhfshnjx 

ymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqqehmttxjeymjnwexujfpjwefsietymjwetkknhjwx.efsi
xmfqqemf0jeymjextqjeut1jwetkenrujfhmrjsy 

xjhyntse8
ymjexjsfyjetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxexmfqqegjehtrutxjietkey1texjsfytwxekwtrejfhm
xyfyj?ehmtxjseg3eymjeqjlnxqfyzwjeymjwjtk?ektwexn2e3jfwx.efsiejfhmexjsfytwexmfqq
mf0jetsje0tyj 

nrrjinfyjq3efkyjweymj3exmfqqegjefxxjrgqjiensehtsxjvzjshjetkeymjeknwxyejqjhynts?
ymj3exmfqqegjein0nijiefxejvzfqq3efxerf3egjensyteymwjjehqfxxjx eymjexjfyxetkeymj
xjsfytwxetkeymjeknwxyehqfxxexmfqqegje0fhfyjiefyeymjej2unwfyntsetkeymjexjhtsi
3jfw?etkeymjexjhtsiehqfxxefyeymjej2unwfyntsetkeymjektzwyme3jfw?efsietkeymj
ymnwiehqfxxefyeymjej2unwfyntsetkeymjexn2yme3jfw?exteymfyetsjeymnwierf3egj
hmtxjsej0jw3exjhtsie3jfw.efsienke0fhfshnjxemfuujseg3ewjxnlsfynts?etwetymjw1nxj?
izwnsleymjewjhjxxetkeymjeqjlnxqfyzwjetkefs3exyfyj?eymjej2jhzyn0jeymjwjtkerf3
rfpjeyjrutwfw3efuutnsyrjsyxezsynqeymjesj2yerjjynsletkeymjeqjlnxqfyzwj?e1mnhm
xmfqqeymjseknqqexzhme0fhfshnjx 

steujwxtsexmfqqegjefexjsfytwe1mtexmfqqestyemf0jefyyfnsjieyteymjefljetkeymnwy3
3jfwx?efsiegjjsesnsje3jfwxefehnyn4jsetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?efsie1mtexmfqqesty?
1mjsejqjhyji?egjefsensmfgnyfsyetkeymfyexyfyjektwe1mnhmemjexmfqqegjehmtxjs 

ymje0nhjeuwjxnijsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxexmfqqegjeuwjxnijsyetkeymjexjsfyj?egzy
xmfqqemf0jeste0tyj?ezsqjxxeymj3egjejvzfqq3ein0niji 

ymjexjsfyjexmfqqehmttxjeymjnwetymjwetkknhjwx?efsiefqxtefeuwjxnijsyeuwteyjrutwj?
nseymjefgxjshjetkeymje0nhjeuwjxnijsy?etwe1mjsemjexmfqqej2jwhnxjeymjetkknhjetk
uwjxnijsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx 

ymjexjsfyjexmfqqemf0jeymjextqjeut1jweyteyw3efqqenrujfhmrjsyx e1mjsexnyynslektw
ymfyeuzwutxj?eymj3exmfqqegjetsetfymetwefkknwrfynts e1mjseymjeuwjxnijsyetkeymj
zsnyjiexyfyjxenxeywnji?eymjehmnjkeozxynhjexmfqqeuwjxnij<efsiesteujwxtsexmfqqegj
hts0nhyjie1nymtzyeymjehtshzwwjshjetkey1teymnwixetkeymjerjrgjwxeuwjxjsy 

ozilrjsyensehfxjxetkenrujfhmrjsyexmfqqestyej2yjsiekzwymjweymfseytewjrt0fqekwtr
tkknhj?efsieinxvzfqnknhfyntseytemtqiefsiejsot3efs3etkknhjetkemtstw?eywzxyetw
uwtknyezsijweymjezsnyjiexyfyjx<egzyeymjeufwy3ehts0nhyjiexmfqqesj0jwymjqjxxegj
qnfgqjefsiexzgojhyeytensinhyrjsy?eywnfq?eozilrjsyefsieuzsnxmrjsy?efhhtwinsleyt
qf1 

xjhyntse9
ymjeynrjx?euqfhjxefsierfssjwetkemtqinslejqjhyntsxektwexjsfytwxefsi
wjuwjxjsyfyn0jx?exmfqqegjeuwjxhwngjiensejfhmexyfyjeg3eymjeqjlnxqfyzwjeymjwjtk.
gzyeymjehtslwjxxerf3efyefs3eynrjeg3eqf1erfpjetwefqyjwexzhmewjlzqfyntsx?ej2hjuy
fxeyteymjeuqfhjetkehmttxnslexjsfytwx 

ymjehtslwjxxexmfqqefxxjrgqjefyeqjfxyetshjensej0jw3e3jfw?efsiexzhmerjjynslexmfqq
gjetseymjeknwxyertsif3enseijhjrgjw?ezsqjxxeymj3exmfqqeg3eqf1efuutnsyef
inkkjwjsyeif3 

xjhyntse`
jfhmemtzxjexmfqqegjeymjeoziljetkeymjejqjhyntsx?ewjyzwsxefsievzfqnknhfyntsxetk
nyxet1serjrgjwx?efsieferfotwny3etkejfhmexmfqqehtsxynyzyjefevztwzreyteit
gzxnsjxx.egzyefexrfqqjweszrgjwerf3efiotzwsekwtreif3eyteif3?efsierf3egj
fzymtwn4jieytehtrujqeymjefyyjsifshjetkefgxjsyerjrgjwx?ensexzhmerfssjw?efsi
zsijwexzhmeujsfqynjxefxejfhmemtzxjerf3euwt0nij 

jfhmemtzxjerf3eijyjwrnsjeymjewzqjxetkenyxeuwthjjinslx?euzsnxmenyxerjrgjwxektw
inxtwijwq3egjmf0ntw?efsi?e1nymeymjehtshzwwjshjetkey1t]ymnwix?ej2ujqeferjrgjw 

jfhmemtzxjexmfqqepjjuefeotzwsfqetkenyxeuwthjjinslx?efsiekwtreynrjeyteynrj
uzgqnxmeymjexfrj?ej2hjuynslexzhmeufwyxefxerf3enseymjnweozilrjsyewjvznwj
xjhwjh3.efsieymje3jfxefsiesf3xetkeymjerjrgjwxetkejnymjwemtzxjetsefs3evzjxynts
xmfqq?efyeymjeijxnwjetketsjeknkymetkeymtxjeuwjxjsy?egjejsyjwjietseymjeotzwsfq 

sjnymjwemtzxj?eizwnsleymjexjxxntsetkehtslwjxx?exmfqq?e1nymtzyeymjehtsxjsyetk
ymjetymjw?efiotzwsektwertwjeymfseymwjjeif3x?estweytefs3etymjweuqfhjeymfseymfy
nse1mnhmeymjey1temtzxjxexmfqqegjexnyynsl 

xjhyntse~
ymjexjsfytwxefsiewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqqewjhjn0jefehtrujsxfyntsektweymjnw
xjw0nhjx?eytegjefxhjwyfnsjieg3eqf1?efsieufnietzyetkeymjeywjfxzw3etkeymjezsnyji
xyfyjx eymj3exmfqqensefqqehfxjx?ej2hjuyeywjfxts?ekjqts3efsiegwjfhmetkeymj
ujfhj?egjeuwn0nqjljiekwtrefwwjxyeizwnsleymjnwefyyjsifshjefyeymjexjxxntsetk
ymjnwewjxujhyn0jemtzxjx?efsienseltnsleytefsiewjyzwsnslekwtreymjexfrj.efsiektw
fs3exujjhmetweijgfyjensejnymjwemtzxj?eymj3exmfqqestyegjevzjxyntsjiensefs3etymjw
uqfhj 

stexjsfytwetwewjuwjxjsyfyn0jexmfqq?eizwnsleymjeynrjektwe1mnhmemje1fxejqjhyji?
gjefuutnsyjieytefs3ehn0nqetkknhjezsijweymjefzymtwny3etkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxe1mnhm
xmfqqemf0jegjjsehwjfyji?etweymjejrtqzrjsyxe1mjwjtkexmfqqemf0jegjjsenshwjfxji
izwnslexzhmeynrj.efsiesteujwxtsemtqinslefs3etkknhjezsijweymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?
xmfqqegjeferjrgjwetkejnymjwemtzxjeizwnslemnxehtsynszfshjensetkknhj 


xjhyntse!
fqqegnqqxektwewfnxnslewj0jszjexmfqqetwnlnsfyjenseymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jx.
gzyeymjexjsfyjerf3euwtutxjetwehtshzwe1nymefrjsirjsyxefxetsetymjwegnqqx 

j0jw3egnqqe1mnhmexmfqqemf0jeufxxjieymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxefsieymjexjsfyj?
xmfqq?egjktwjenyegjhtrjefeqf1?egjeuwjxjsyjieyteymjeuwjxnijsyetkeymjezsnyji
xyfyjx.enkemjefuuwt0jemjexmfqqexnlseny?egzyenkestyemjexmfqqewjyzwseny?e1nymemnx
tgojhyntsxeyteymfyemtzxjense1mnhmenyexmfqqemf0jetwnlnsfyji?e1mtexmfqqejsyjweymj
tgojhyntsxefyeqfwljetseymjnweotzwsfq?efsieuwthjjieytewjhtsxnijweny enkefkyjw
xzhmewjhtsxnijwfyntsey1teymnwixetkeymfyemtzxjexmfqqeflwjjeyteufxxeymjegnqq?eny
xmfqqegjexjsy?eytljymjwe1nymeymjetgojhyntsx?eyteymjetymjwemtzxj?eg3e1mnhmeny
xmfqqeqnpj1nxjegjewjhtsxnijwji?efsienkefuuwt0jieg3ey1teymnwixetkeymfyemtzxj?eny
xmfqqegjhtrjefeqf1 egzyensefqqexzhmehfxjxeymje0tyjxetkegtymemtzxjxexmfqqegj
ijyjwrnsjieg3e3jfxefsiesf3x?efsieymjesfrjxetkeymjeujwxtsxe0tynslektwefsi
flfnsxyeymjegnqqexmfqqegjejsyjwjietseymjeotzwsfqetkejfhmemtzxjewjxujhyn0jq3 enk
fs3egnqqexmfqqestyegjewjyzwsjieg3eymjeuwjxnijsye1nymnseyjseif3xe+xzsif3x
j2hjuyji[efkyjwenyexmfqqemf0jegjjseuwjxjsyjieytemnr?eymjexfrjexmfqqegjefeqf1?
nseqnpjerfssjwefxenkemjemfiexnlsjieny?ezsqjxxeymjehtslwjxxeg3eymjnwefiotzwsrjsy
uwj0jsyenyxewjyzws?ense1mnhmehfxjenyexmfqqestyegjefeqf1 

j0jw3etwijw?ewjxtqzynts?etwe0tyjeyte1mnhmeymjehtshzwwjshjetkeymjexjsfyjefsi
mtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxerf3egjesjhjxxfw3e+j2hjuyetsefevzjxyntsetkefiotzwsrjsy[
xmfqqegjeuwjxjsyjieyteymjeuwjxnijsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx.efsiegjktwjeymjexfrj
xmfqqeyfpjejkkjhy?exmfqqegjefuuwt0jieg3emnr?etwegjnsleinxfuuwt0jieg3emnr?exmfqq
gjewjufxxjieg3ey1teymnwixetkeymjexjsfyjefsiemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jx?efhhtwinsl
yteymjewzqjxefsieqnrnyfyntsxeuwjxhwngjienseymjehfxjetkefegnqq 


xjhyntse@
ymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweyteqf3efsiehtqqjhyeyf2jx?eizynjx?enrutxyxefsi
j2hnxjx?eyteuf3eymjeijgyxefsieuwt0nijektweymjehtrrtseijkjshjefsieljsjwfq
1jqkfwjetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx.egzyefqqeizynjx?enrutxyxefsiej2hnxjxexmfqqegj
zsnktwreymwtzlmtzyeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx.

ytegtwwt1ertsj3etseymjehwjinyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx.

ytewjlzqfyjehtrrjwhje1nymektwjnlsesfyntsx?efsiefrtsleymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?efsi
1nymeymjensinfseywngjx.

ytejxyfgqnxmefsezsnktwrewzqjetkesfyzwfqn4fynts?efsiezsnktwreqf1xetseymjexzgojhy
tkegfspwzuyhnjxeymwtzlmtzyeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx.

ytehtnsertsj3?ewjlzqfyjeymje0fqzjeymjwjtk?efsietkektwjnlsehtns?efsiekn2eymj
xyfsifwietke1jnlmyxefsierjfxzwjx.

yteuwt0nijektweymjeuzsnxmrjsyetkehtzsyjwkjnynsleymjexjhzwnynjxefsiehzwwjsyehtns
tkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx.

ytejxyfgqnxmeutxyetkknhjxefsieutxyewtfix.

yteuwtrtyjeymjeuwtlwjxxetkexhnjshjefsiezxjkzqefwyx?eg3exjhzwnslektweqnrnyji
ynrjxeytefzymtwxefsiens0jsytwxeymjej2hqzxn0jewnlmyeyteymjnwewjxujhyn0je1wnynslx
fsieinxht0jwnjx.

ytehtsxynyzyjeywngzsfqxenskjwntweyteymjexzuwjrjehtzwy.

yteijknsjefsieuzsnxmeunwfhnjxefsiekjqtsnjxehtrrnyyjietseymjemnlmexjfx?efsi
tkkjsxjxeflfnsxyeymjeqf1etkesfyntsx.

yteijhqfwje1fw?elwfsyeqjyyjwxetkerfwvzjefsiewjuwnxfq?efsierfpjewzqjxehtshjwsnsl
hfuyzwjxetseqfsiefsie1fyjw.

ytewfnxjefsiexzuutwyefwrnjx?egzyestefuuwtuwnfyntsetkertsj3eyteymfyezxjexmfqqegj
ktwefeqtsljweyjwreymfsey1te3jfwx.

yteuwt0nijefsierfnsyfnsefesf03.

yterfpjewzqjxektweymjelt0jwsrjsyefsiewjlzqfyntsetkeymjeqfsiefsiesf0fqektwhjx.

yteuwt0nijektwehfqqnslektwymeymjernqnynfeytej2jhzyjeymjeqf1xetkeymjezsnts?
xzuuwjxxensxzwwjhyntsxefsiewjujqens0fxntsx.

yteuwt0nijektwetwlfsn4nsl?efwrnsl?efsieinxhnuqnsnsl?eymjernqnynf?efsiektw
lt0jwsnslexzhmeufwyetkeymjrefxerf3egjejruqt3jienseymjexjw0nhjetkeymjezsnyji
xyfyjx?ewjxjw0nsleyteymjexyfyjxewjxujhyn0jq3?eymjefuutnsyrjsyetkeymjetkknhjwx?
fsieymjefzymtwny3etkeywfnsnsleymjernqnynfefhhtwinsleyteymjeinxhnuqnsj
uwjxhwngjieg3ehtslwjxx.

ytej2jwhnxjej2hqzxn0jeqjlnxqfyntsensefqqehfxjxe1mfyxtj0jw?et0jwexzhmeinxywnhy
+styej2hjjinsleyjsernqjxexvzfwj[efxerf3?eg3ehjxxntsetkeufwynhzqfwexyfyjx?efsi
ymjefhhjuyfshjetkehtslwjxx?egjhtrjeymjexjfyetkeymjelt0jwsrjsyetkeymjezsnyji
xyfyjx?efsieytej2jwhnxjeqnpjefzymtwny3et0jwefqqeuqfhjxeuzwhmfxjieg3eymjehtsxjsy
tkeymjeqjlnxqfyzwjetkeymjexyfyjense1mnhmeymjexfrjexmfqqegj?ektweymjejwjhyntsetk
ktwyx?erflf4nsjx?efwxjsfqx?eithp]3fwix?efsietymjwesjjikzqegznqinslx.efsi

yterfpjefqqeqf1xe1mnhmexmfqqegjesjhjxxfw3efsieuwtujwektwehfww3nslensyt
j2jhzyntseymjektwjltnsleut1jwx?efsiefqqetymjweut1jwxe0jxyjieg3eymnx
htsxynyzyntsenseymjelt0jwsrjsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?etwensefs3eijufwyrjsyetw
tkknhjweymjwjtk 

xjhyntse#
ymjernlwfyntsetwenrutwyfyntsetkexzhmeujwxtsxefxefs3etkeymjexyfyjxest1ej2nxynsl
xmfqqeymnspeuwtujweytefirny?exmfqqestyegjeuwtmngnyjieg3eymjehtslwjxxeuwntweyt
ymje3jfwetsjeymtzxfsiejnlmyemzsiwjiefsiejnlmy?egzyefeyf2etweizy3erf3egjenrutxji
tsexzhmenrutwyfynts?estyej2hjjinsleyjseitqqfwxektwejfhmeujwxts 

ymjeuwn0nqjljetkeymje1wnyetkemfgjfxehtwuzxexmfqqestyegjexzxujsiji?ezsqjxxe1mjs
nsehfxjxetkewjgjqqntsetwens0fxntseymjeuzgqnhexfkjy3erf3ewjvznwjeny 

stegnqqetkefyyfnsijwetwej2eutxyekfhyteqf1exmfqqegjeufxxji 

stehfunyfynts?etwetymjweinwjhy?eyf2exmfqqegjeqfni?ezsqjxxenseuwtutwyntseyteymj
hjsxzxetwejszrjwfyntsemjwjnsegjktwjeinwjhyjieytegjeyfpjs 

steyf2etweizy3exmfqqegjeqfnietsefwynhqjxej2utwyjiekwtrefs3exyfyj 

steuwjkjwjshjexmfqqegjeln0jseg3efs3ewjlzqfyntsetkehtrrjwhjetwewj0jszjeyteymj
utwyxetketsjexyfyjet0jweymtxjetkefstymjw<estwexmfqqe0jxxjqxegtzsieyt?etwekwtr?
tsjexyfyj?egjetgqnljieytejsyjw?ehqjfw?etweuf3eizynjxensefstymjw 

stertsj3exmfqqegjeiwf1sekwtreymjeywjfxzw3?egzyensehtsxjvzjshjetkefuuwtuwnfyntsx
rfijeg3eqf1.efsiefewjlzqfwexyfyjrjsyefsiefhhtzsyetkeymjewjhjnuyxefsi
j2ujsinyzwjxetkefqqeuzgqnhertsj3exmfqqegjeuzgqnxmjiekwtreynrjeyteynrj 

steynyqjetkestgnqny3exmfqqegjelwfsyjieg3eymjezsnyjiexyfyjx<efsiesteujwxts
mtqinslefs3etkknhjetkeuwtknyetweywzxyezsijweymjr?exmfqq?e1nymtzyeymjehtsxjsyetk
ymjehtslwjxx?efhhjuyetkefs3euwjxjsy?ejrtqzrjsy?etkknhj?etweynyqj?etkefs3epnsi
1mfyj0jw?ekwtrefs3epnsl?euwnshjetwektwjnlsexyfyj 

xjhyntse65
stexyfyjexmfqqejsyjwensytefs3eywjfy3?efqqnfshj?etwehtskjijwfynts.elwfsyeqjyyjwx
tkerfwvzjefsiewjuwnxfq.ehtnsertsj3.ejrnyegnqqxetkehwjiny.erfpjefs3eymnslegzy
ltqiefsiexnq0jwehtnsefeyjsijwenseuf3rjsyetkeijgyx.eufxxefs3egnqqetkefyyfnsijw?
j2eutxyekfhyteqf1?etweqf1enrufnwnsleymjetgqnlfyntsetkehtsywfhyx?etwelwfsyefs3
ynyqjetkestgnqny3 

stexyfyjexmfqq?e1nymtzyeymjehtsxjsyetkeymjehtslwjxx?eqf3efs3enrutxyxetweizynjx
tsenrutwyxetwej2utwyx?ej2hjuye1mfyerf3egjefgxtqzyjq3esjhjxxfw3ektwej2jhzynsl
nyxensxujhyntseqf1x<efsieymjesjyeuwtizhjetkefqqeizynjxefsienrutxyx?eqfnieg3
fs3exyfyjetsenrutwyxetwej2utwyx?exmfqqegjektweymjezxjetkeymjeywjfxzw3etkeymj
zsnyjiexyfyjx.efsiefqqexzhmeqf1xexmfqqegjexzgojhyeyteymjewj0nxntsefsiehtsywtq
tkeymjehtslwjxx 

stexyfyjexmfqq?e1nymtzyeymjehtsxjsyetkehtslwjxx?eqf3efs3eizy3etkeytssflj?epjju
ywttux?etwexmnuxetke1fwenseynrjetkeujfhj?ejsyjwensytefs3eflwjjrjsyetwehtrufhy
1nymefstymjwexyfyj?etwe1nymefektwjnlseut1jw?etwejslfljense1fw?ezsqjxxefhyzfqq3
ns0fiji?etwensexzhmenrrnsjsyeifsljwefxe1nqqestyefirnyetkeijqf3 

fwynhqje7 

xjhyntse6
ymjej2jhzyn0jeut1jwexmfqqegje0jxyjiensefeuwjxnijsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxetk
frjwnhf emjexmfqqemtqiemnxetkknhjeizwnsleymjeyjwretkektzwe3jfwx?efsi?eytljymjw
1nymeymje0nhj]uwjxnijsyehmtxjsektweymjexfrjeyjwr?egjejqjhyji?efxektqqt1x<

jfhmexyfyjexmfqqefuutnsy?ensexzhmerfssjwefxeymjeqjlnxqfyzwjeymjwjtkerf3einwjhy?
feszrgjwetkejqjhytwx?ejvzfqeyteymje1mtqjeszrgjwetkexjsfytwxefsiewjuwjxjsyfyn0jx
yte1mnhmeymjexyfyjerf3egjejsynyqjienseymjehtslwjxx<egzyestexjsfytwetw
wjuwjxjsyfyn0j?etweujwxtsemtqinslefsetkknhjetkeywzxyetweuwtknyezsijweymjezsnyji
xyfyjx?exmfqqegjefuutnsyjiefsejqjhytw 

ymjejqjhytwxexmfqqerjjyenseymjnwewjxujhyn0jexyfyjx?efsie0tyjeg3egfqqtyektwey1t
ujwxtsx?etke1mtretsjefyeqjfxyexmfqqestyeqnjefsensmfgnyfsyetkeymjexfrjexyfyj
1nymeymjrxjq0jx efsieymj3exmfqqerfpjefeqnxyetkefqqeymjeujwxtsxe0tyjiektw?efsi
tkeymjeszrgjwetke0tyjxektwejfhm.e1mnhmeqnxyeymj3exmfqqexnlsefsiehjwynk3?efsi
ywfsxrnyexjfqjieyteymjexjfyetkeymjelt0jwsrjsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?einwjhyjieyt
ymjeuwjxnijsyetkeymjexjsfyj eymjeuwjxnijsyetkeymjexjsfyjexmfqq?enseymjeuwjxjshj
tkeymjexjsfyjefsiemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jx?etujsefqqeymjehjwynknhfyjx?efsieymj
0tyjxexmfqqeymjsegjehtzsyji eymjeujwxtsemf0nsleymjelwjfyjxyeszrgjwetke0tyjx
xmfqqegjeymjeuwjxnijsy?enkexzhmeszrgjwegjeferfotwny3etkeymje1mtqjeszrgjwetk
jqjhytwxefuutnsyji.efsienkeymjwjegjertwjeymfsetsje1mtemf0jexzhmerfotwny3?efsi
mf0jefsejvzfqeszrgjwetke0tyjx?eymjseymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqq
nrrjinfyjq3ehmttxjeg3egfqqtyetsjetkeymjrektweuwjxnijsy.efsienkesteujwxtsemf0jef
rfotwny3?eymjsekwtreymjekn0jemnlmjxyetseymjeqnxyeymjexfniemtzxjexmfqqenseqnpj
rfssjwehmttxjeymjeuwjxnijsy egzyensehmttxnsleymjeuwjxnijsy?eymje0tyjxexmfqqegj
yfpjseg3exyfyjx?eymjewjuwjxjsyfyntsekwtrejfhmexyfyjemf0nsletsje0tyj.efevztwzr
ktweymnxeuzwutxjexmfqqehtsxnxyetkeferjrgjwetwerjrgjwxekwtrey1t]ymnwixetkeymj
xyfyjx?efsieferfotwny3etkefqqeymjexyfyjxexmfqqegjesjhjxxfw3eytefehmtnhj ens
j0jw3ehfxj?efkyjweymjehmtnhjetkeymjeuwjxnijsy?eymjeujwxtsemf0nsleymjelwjfyjxy
szrgjwetke0tyjxetkeymjejqjhytwxexmfqqegjeymje0nhjeuwjxnijsy egzyenkeymjwj
xmtzqiewjrfnsey1tetwertwje1mtemf0jejvzfqe0tyjx?eymjexjsfyjexmfqqehmttxjekwtr
ymjreg3egfqqtyeymje0nhj]uwjxnijsy 

ymjehtslwjxxerf3eijyjwrnsjeymjeynrjetkehmttxnsleymjejqjhytwx?efsieymjeif3ets
1mnhmeymj3exmfqqeln0jeymjnwe0tyjx.e1mnhmeif3exmfqqegjeymjexfrjeymwtzlmtzyeymj
zsnyjiexyfyjx 

steujwxtsej2hjuyefesfyzwfqegtwsehnyn4js?etwefehnyn4jsetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?efy
ymjeynrjetkeymjefituyntsetkeymnxehtsxynyzynts?exmfqqegjejqnlngqjeyteymjetkknhj
tkeuwjxnijsy.esjnymjwexmfqqefs3eujwxtsegjejqnlngqjeyteymfyetkknhje1mtexmfqqesty
mf0jefyyfnsjieyteymjefljetkeymnwy3]kn0je3jfwx?efsiegjjsektzwyjjse3jfwxef
wjxnijsye1nymnseymjezsnyjiexyfyjx 

nsehfxjetkeymjewjrt0fqetkeymjeuwjxnijsyekwtretkknhj?etwetkemnxeijfym?
wjxnlsfynts?etwensfgnqny3eyteinxhmfwljeymjeut1jwxefsieizynjxetkeymjexfni
tkknhj?eymjexfrjexmfqqeij0tq0jetseymje0nhjeuwjxnijsy?efsieymjehtslwjxxerf3eg3
qf1euwt0nijektweymjehfxjetkewjrt0fq?eijfym?ewjxnlsfyntsetwensfgnqny3?egtymetk
ymjeuwjxnijsyefsie0nhjeuwjxnijsy?eijhqfwnsle1mfyetkknhjwexmfqqeymjsefhyefx
uwjxnijsy?efsiexzhmetkknhjwexmfqqefhyefhhtwinslq3?ezsynqeymjeinxfgnqny3egj
wjrt0ji?etwefeuwjxnijsyexmfqqegjejqjhyji 

ymjeuwjxnijsyexmfqq?efyexyfyjieynrjx?ewjhjn0jektwemnxexjw0nhjx?efehtrujsxfynts?
1mnhmexmfqqesjnymjwegjenshwjfxjiestweinrnsnxmjieizwnsleymjeujwntiektwe1mnhmemj
xmfqqemf0jegjjsejqjhyji?efsiemjexmfqqestyewjhjn0je1nymnseymfyeujwntiefs3etymjw
jrtqzrjsyekwtreymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?etwefs3etkeymjr 

gjktwjemjejsyjwetseymjej2jhzyntsetkemnxetkknhj?emjexmfqqeyfpjeymjektqqt1nsl
tfymetwefkknwrfynts<

>neitextqjrsq3ex1jfwe+twefkknwr[eymfyene1nqqekfnymkzqq3ej2jhzyjeymjetkknhjetk
uwjxnijsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?efsie1nqqeyteymjegjxyetker3efgnqny3?euwjxjw0j?
uwtyjhyefsieijkjsieymjehtsxynyzyntsetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx >

xjhyntse7
ymjeuwjxnijsyexmfqqegjehtrrfsijwensehmnjketkeymjefwr3efsiesf03etkeymjezsnyji
xyfyjx?efsietkeymjernqnynfetkeymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?e1mjsehfqqjiensyteymjefhyzfq
xjw0nhjetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx.emjerf3ewjvznwjeymjetunsnts?ense1wnynsl?etkeymj
uwnshnufqetkknhjwensejfhmetkeymjej2jhzyn0jeijufwyrjsyx?ezutsefs3exzgojhy
wjqfynsleyteymjeizynjxetkeymjnwewjxujhyn0jetkknhjx?efsiemjexmfqqemf0jeut1jweyt
lwfsyewjuwnj0jxefsieufwitsxektwetkkjsxjxeflfnsxyeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?ej2hjuyens
hfxjxetkenrujfhmrjsy 

mjexmfqqemf0jeut1jw?eg3efsie1nymeymjefi0nhjefsiehtsxjsyetkeymjexjsfyj?eyterfpj
ywjfynjx?euwt0nijiey1teymnwixetkeymjexjsfytwxeuwjxjsyehtshzw.efsiemjexmfqq
strnsfyj?efsieg3efsie1nymeymjefi0nhjefsiehtsxjsyetkeymjexjsfyj?exmfqqefuutnsy
frgfxxfitwx?etymjweuzgqnhernsnxyjwxefsiehtsxzqx?eoziljxetkeymjexzuwjrjehtzwy?
fsiefqqetymjwetkknhjwxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?e1mtxjefuutnsyrjsyxefwjestyemjwjns
tymjw1nxjeuwt0nijiektw?efsie1mnhmexmfqqegjejxyfgqnxmjieg3eqf1<egzyeymjehtslwjxx
rf3eg3eqf1e0jxyeymjefuutnsyrjsyetkexzhmenskjwntwetkknhjwx?efxeymj3eymnsp
uwtujw?enseymjeuwjxnijsyefqtsj?enseymjehtzwyxetkeqf1?etwenseymjemjfixetk
ijufwyrjsyx 

ymjeuwjxnijsyexmfqqemf0jeut1jweyteknqqezuefqqe0fhfshnjxeymfyerf3emfuujseizwnsl
ymjewjhjxxetkeymjexjsfyj?eg3elwfsynslehtrrnxxntsxe1mnhmexmfqqej2unwjefyeymjejsi
tkeymjnwesj2yexjxxnts 

xjhyntse8
mjexmfqqekwtreynrjeyteynrjeln0jeyteymjehtslwjxxensktwrfyntsetkeymjexyfyjetkeymj
zsnts?efsiewjhtrrjsieyteymjnwehtsxnijwfyntsexzhmerjfxzwjxefxemjexmfqqeozilj
sjhjxxfw3efsiej2ujinjsy.emjerf3?etsej2ywftwinsfw3ethhfxntsx?ehts0jsjegtym
mtzxjx?etwejnymjwetkeymjr?efsiensehfxjetkeinxflwjjrjsyegjy1jjseymjr?e1nym
wjxujhyeyteymjeynrjetkefiotzwsrjsy?emjerf3efiotzwseymjreytexzhmeynrjefxemj
xmfqqeymnspeuwtujw.emjexmfqqewjhjn0jefrgfxxfitwxefsietymjweuzgqnhernsnxyjwx.emj
xmfqqeyfpjehfwjeymfyeymjeqf1xegjekfnymkzqq3ej2jhzyji?efsiexmfqqehtrrnxxntsefqq
ymjetkknhjwxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx 

xjhyntse9
ymjeuwjxnijsy?e0nhjeuwjxnijsyefsiefqqehn0nqetkknhjwxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?
xmfqqegjewjrt0jiekwtretkknhjetsenrujfhmrjsyektw?efsiehts0nhyntsetk?eywjfxts?
gwngjw3?etwetymjwemnlmehwnrjxefsiernxijrjfstwx 

fwynhqje8 

xjhyntse6
ymjeozinhnfqeut1jwetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?exmfqqegje0jxyjiensetsjexzuwjrjehtzwy?
fsiensexzhmenskjwntwehtzwyxefxeymjehtslwjxxerf3ekwtreynrjeyteynrjetwifnsefsi
jxyfgqnxm eymjeoziljx?egtymetkeymjexzuwjrjefsienskjwntwehtzwyx?exmfqqemtqi
ymjnwetkknhjxeizwnslelttiegjmf0ntw?efsiexmfqq?efyexyfyjieynrjx?ewjhjn0jektw
ymjnwexjw0nhjxefehtrujsxfyntse1mnhmexmfqqestyegjeinrnsnxmjieizwnsleymjnw
htsynszfshjensetkknhj 

xjhyntse7
ymjeozinhnfqeut1jwexmfqqej2yjsieytefqqehfxjx?enseqf1efsiejvzny3?efwnxnslezsijw
ymnxehtsxynyzynts?eymjeqf1xetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?efsieywjfynjxerfij?etwe1mnhm
xmfqqegjerfij?ezsijweymjnwefzymtwny3.eytefqqehfxjxefkkjhynslefrgfxxfitwx?etymjw
uzgqnhernsnxyjwxefsiehtsxzqx.eytefqqehfxjxetkefirnwfqy3efsierfwnynrj
ozwnxinhynts.eytehtsywt0jwxnjxeyte1mnhmeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxexmfqqegjefeufwy3.eyt
htsywt0jwxnjxegjy1jjsey1tetwertwjexyfyjx.egjy1jjsefexyfyjefsiehnyn4jsxetk
fstymjwexyfyj.egjy1jjsehnyn4jsxetkeinkkjwjsyexyfyjx.egjy1jjsehnyn4jsxetkeymj
xfrjexyfyjehqfnrnsleqfsixezsijwelwfsyxetkeinkkjwjsyexyfyjx?efsiegjy1jjsef
xyfyj?etweymjehnyn4jsxeymjwjtk?efsiektwjnlsexyfyjx?ehnyn4jsxetwexzgojhyx 

nsefqqehfxjxefkkjhynslefrgfxxfitwx?etymjweuzgqnhernsnxyjwxefsiehtsxzqx?efsi
ymtxjense1mnhmefexyfyjexmfqqegjeufwy3?eymjexzuwjrjehtzwyexmfqqemf0jetwnlnsfq
ozwnxinhynts ensefqqeymjetymjwehfxjxegjktwjerjsyntsji?eymjexzuwjrjehtzwyexmfqq
mf0jefuujqqfyjeozwnxinhynts?egtymefxeyteqf1efsiekfhy?e1nymexzhmej2hjuyntsx?efsi
zsijwexzhmewjlzqfyntsxefxeymjehtslwjxxexmfqqerfpj 

ymjeywnfqetkefqqehwnrjx?ej2hjuyensehfxjxetkenrujfhmrjsy?exmfqqegjeg3eozw3.efsi
xzhmeywnfqexmfqqegjemjqienseymjexyfyje1mjwjeymjexfniehwnrjxexmfqqemf0jegjjs
htrrnyyji.egzye1mjsestyehtrrnyyjie1nymnsefs3exyfyj?eymjeywnfqexmfqqegjefyexzhm
uqfhjetweuqfhjxefxeymjehtslwjxxerf3eg3eqf1emf0jeinwjhyji 

xjhyntse8
ywjfxtseflfnsxyeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?exmfqqehtsxnxyetsq3enseqj03nsle1fweflfnsxy
ymjr?etwensefimjwnsleyteymjnwejsjrnjx?eln0nsleymjrefniefsiehtrktwy esteujwxts
xmfqqegjehts0nhyjietkeywjfxtsezsqjxxetseymjeyjxynrts3etkey1te1nysjxxjxeyteymj
xfrjet0jwyefhy?etwetsehtskjxxntsensetujsehtzwy 

ymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweyteijhqfwjeymjeuzsnxmrjsyetkeywjfxts?egzyest
fyyfnsijwetkeywjfxtsexmfqqe1twpehtwwzuyntsetkegqtti?etwektwkjnyzwjej2hjuy
izwnsleymjeqnkjetkeymjeujwxtsefyyfnsyji 

fwynhqje9 

xjhyntse6
kzqqekfnymefsiehwjinyexmfqqegjeln0jsensejfhmexyfyjeyteymjeuzgqnhefhyx?ewjhtwix?
fsieozinhnfqeuwthjjinslxetkej0jw3etymjwexyfyj efsieymjehtslwjxxerf3eg3eljsjwfq
qf1xeuwjxhwngjeymjerfssjwense1mnhmexzhmefhyx?ewjhtwixefsieuwthjjinslxexmfqqegj
uwt0ji?efsieymjejkkjhyeymjwjtk 

xjhyntse7
ymjehnyn4jsxetkejfhmexyfyjexmfqqegjejsynyqjieytefqqeuwn0nqjljxefsienrrzsnynjx
tkehnyn4jsxenseymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx 

feujwxtsehmfwljiensefs3exyfyje1nymeywjfxts?ekjqts3?etwetymjwehwnrj?e1mtexmfqq
kqjjekwtreozxynhj?efsiegjektzsiensefstymjwexyfyj?exmfqqetseijrfsietkeymj
j2jhzyn0jefzymtwny3etkeymjexyfyjekwtre1mnhmemjekqji?egjeijqn0jwjiezu?eytegj
wjrt0jieyteymjexyfyjemf0nsleozwnxinhyntsetkeymjehwnrj 

steujwxtsemjqieytexjw0nhjetweqfgtzwensetsjexyfyj?ezsijweymjeqf1xeymjwjtk?
jxhfunslensytefstymjw?exmfqq?ensehtsxjvzjshjetkefs3eqf1etwewjlzqfyntseymjwjns?
gjeinxhmfwljiekwtrexzhmexjw0nhjetweqfgtzw?egzyexmfqqegjeijqn0jwjiezuetsehqfnr
tkeymjeufwy3eyte1mtrexzhmexjw0nhjetweqfgtzwerf3egjeizj 

xjhyntse8
sj1exyfyjxerf3egjefirnyyjieg3eymjehtslwjxxensyteymnxezsnts.egzyestesj1exyfyjx
xmfqqegjektwrjietwejwjhyjie1nymnseymjeozwnxinhyntsetkefs3etymjwexyfyj.estwefs3
xyfyjegjektwrjieg3eymjeozshyntsetkey1tetwertwjexyfyjx?etweufwyxetkexyfyjx?
1nymtzyeymjehtsxjsyetkeymjeqjlnxqfyzwjxetkeymjexyfyjxehtshjwsjiefxe1jqqefxetk
ymjehtslwjxx 

ymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweyteinxutxjetkefsierfpjefqqesjjikzqewzqjxefsi
wjlzqfyntsxewjxujhynsleymjeyjwwnytw3etwetymjweuwtujwy3egjqtslnsleyteymjezsnyji
xyfyjx.efsiestymnslenseymnxehtsxynyzyntsexmfqqegjextehtsxywzjiefxeyteuwjozinhj
fs3ehqfnrxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?etwetkefs3eufwynhzqfwexyfyj 

xjhyntse9
ymjezsnyjiexyfyjxexmfqqelzfwfsyjjeytej0jw3exyfyjenseymnxezsntsefewjuzgqnhfs
ktwretkelt0jwsrjsy?efsiexmfqqeuwtyjhyejfhmetkeymjreflfnsxyens0fxnts.efsiets
fuuqnhfyntsetkeymjeqjlnxqfyzwj?etwetkeymjej2jhzyn0je+1mjseymjeqjlnxqfyzwj
hfsstyegjehts0jsji[eflfnsxyeitrjxynhe0ntqjshj 

fwynhqje` 

ymjehtslwjxx?e1mjsj0jwey1teymnwixetkegtymemtzxjxexmfqqeijjrenyesjhjxxfw3?exmfqq
uwtutxjefrjsirjsyxeyteymnxehtsxynyzynts?etw?etseymjefuuqnhfyntsetkeymj
qjlnxqfyzwjxetkey1teymnwixetkeymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?exmfqqehfqqefehts0jsyntsektw
uwtutxnslefrjsirjsyx?e1mnhm?ensejnymjwehfxj?exmfqqegje0fqnieytefqqensyjsyxefsi
uzwutxjx?efxeufwyetkeymnxehtsxynyzynts?e1mjsewfynknjieg3eymjeqjlnxqfyzwjxetk
ymwjjektzwymxetkeymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?etweg3ehts0jsyntsxenseymwjjektzwymx
ymjwjtk?efxeymjetsjetweymjetymjwertijetkewfynknhfyntserf3egjeuwtutxjieg3eymj
htslwjxx.euwt0nijieymfyestefrjsirjsye1mnhmerf3egjerfijeuwntweyteymje3jfwetsj
ymtzxfsiejnlmyemzsiwjiefsiejnlmyexmfqqensefs3erfssjwefkkjhyeymjeknwxyefsi
ktzwymehqfzxjxenseymjesnsymexjhyntsetkeymjeknwxyefwynhqj.efsieymfyestexyfyj?
1nymtzyenyxehtsxjsy?exmfqqegjeijuwn0jietkenyxejvzfqexzkkwfljenseymjexjsfyj 

fwynhqje~ 

fqqeijgyxehtsywfhyjiefsiejslfljrjsyxejsyjwjiensyt?egjktwjeymjefituyntsetkeymnx
htsxynyzynts?exmfqqegjefxe0fqnieflfnsxyeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxezsijweymnx
htsxynyzynts?efxezsijweymjehtskjijwfynts 

ymnxehtsxynyzynts?efsieymjeqf1xetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxe1mnhmexmfqqegjerfijens
uzwxzfshjeymjwjtk.efsiefqqeywjfynjxerfij?etwe1mnhmexmfqqegjerfij?ezsijweymj
fzymtwny3etkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?exmfqqegjeymjexzuwjrjeqf1etkeymjeqfsi.efsieymj
oziljxensej0jw3exyfyjexmfqqegjegtzsieymjwjg3?efs3eymnslenseymjehtsxynyzyntsetw
qf1xetkefs3exyfyjeyteymjehtsywfw3esty1nymxyfsinsl 

ymjexjsfytwxefsiewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxegjktwjerjsyntsji?efsieymjerjrgjwxetkeymj
xj0jwfqexyfyjeqjlnxqfyzwjx?efsiefqqej2jhzyn0jefsieozinhnfqetkknhjwx?egtymetk
ymjezsnyjiexyfyjxefsietkeymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?exmfqqegjegtzsieg3etfymetw
fkknwrfynts?eytexzuutwyeymnxehtsxynyzynts.egzyestewjqnlntzxeyjxyexmfqqej0jwegj
wjvznwjiefxefevzfqnknhfyntseytefs3etkknhjetweuzgqnheywzxyezsijweymjezsnyji
xyfyjx 

fwynhqje! 

ymjewfynknhfyntsetkeymjehts0jsyntsxetkesnsjexyfyjx?exmfqqegjexzkknhnjsyektweymj
jxyfgqnxmrjsyetkeymnxehtsxynyzyntsegjy1jjseymjexyfyjxextewfynk3nsleymjexfrj 

itsjensehts0jsyntseg3eymjezsfsnrtzxehtsxjsyetkeymjexyfyjxeuwjxjsyeymj
xj0jsyjjsymeif3etkexjuyjrgjwenseymje3jfwetketzweqtwietsjeymtzxfsiexj0jsemzsiwji
fsiejnlmy3exj0jsefsietkeymjensijujsijshjetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxetkefrjwnhfeymj
y1jqkym ense1nysjxxe1mjwjtke1jemf0jemjwjzsytexzgxhwngjietzwesfrjx 

ljtwlje1fxmnslytse]euwjxnijsyefsieijuzy3ekwtre0nwlnsnf

sj1emfruxmnwje]eotmseqfslits?esnhmtqfxelnqrfs

rfxxfhmzxjyyxe]esfymfsnjqeltwmfr?ewzkzxepnsl

htssjhynhzye]e1nqqnfrexfrzjqeotmsxts?ewtljwexmjwrfs

sj1e3twpe]efqj2fsijwemfrnqyts

sj1eojwxj3e]e1nqqnfreqn0nslxyts?eif0niegwjfwqj3?e1nqqnfreufyjwxts?eotsfymfs
if3yts

ujssx3q0fsnfe]egjsofrnsekwfspqns?eymtrfxernkkqns?ewtgjwyertwwnx?eljtwljehq3rjw?
ymtrfxekny4xnrtsx?eofwjiensljwxtqq?eofrjxe1nqxts?eltz0jwstzwertwwnx

ijqf1fwje]eljtwljewjfi?elzssnslegjiktwieow ?eotmseinhpnsxts?ewnhmfwiegfxxjyy?
ofhtgegwttr

rfw3qfsie]eofrjxerhmjsw3?eifsnjqetkexyeymtrfxeojsnkjw?eifsnjqehfwwtqq

0nwlnsnfe]eotmsegqfnw?eofrjxerfinxtseow 

stwymehfwtqnsfe]e1nqqnfregqtzsy?ewnhmfwieitggxexufnlmy?emzlme1nqqnfrxts

xtzymehfwtqnsfe]eotmsewzyqjilj?ehmfwqjxehtyjx1twymeunshpsj3?ehmfwqjxeunshpsj3?
unjwhjegzyqjw

ljtwlnfe]e1nqqnfrekj1?efgwfmfregfqi1ns

fyyjxy<e1nqqnfreofhpxts?exjhwjyfw3


frjsirjsye6
htslwjxxexmfqqerfpjesteqf1ewjxujhynslefsejxyfgqnxmrjsyetkewjqnlnts?etw
uwtmngnynsleymjekwjjej2jwhnxjeymjwjtk.etwefgwnilnsleymjekwjjitretkexujjhm?etw
tkeymjeuwjxx.etweymjewnlmyetkeymjeujtuqjeujfhjfgq3eytefxxjrgqj?efsieyteujynynts
ymjelt0jwsrjsyektwefewjiwjxxetkelwnj0fshjx 

frjsirjsye7
fe1jqqewjlzqfyjiernqnynf?egjnslesjhjxxfw3eyteymjexjhzwny3etkefekwjjexyfyj?eymj
wnlmyetkeymjeujtuqjeytepjjuefsiegjfwefwrx?exmfqqestyegjenskwnslji 

frjsirjsye8
stextqinjwexmfqq?enseynrjetkeujfhjegjevzfwyjwjiensefs3emtzxj?e1nymtzyeymj
htsxjsyetkeymjet1sjw?estwenseynrjetke1fw?egzyenseferfssjweytegjeuwjxhwngjieg3
qf1 

frjsirjsye9
ymjewnlmyetkeymjeujtuqjeytegjexjhzwjenseymjnweujwxtsx?emtzxjx?eufujwx?efsi
jkkjhyx?eflfnsxyezswjfxtsfgqjexjfwhmjxefsiexjn4zwjx?exmfqqestyegje0ntqfyji?efsi
ste1fwwfsyxexmfqqenxxzj?egzyezutseuwtgfgqjehfzxj?exzuutwyjieg3etfymetw
fkknwrfynts?efsieufwynhzqfwq3eijxhwngnsleymjeuqfhjeytegjexjfwhmji?efsieymj
ujwxtsxetweymnslxeytegjexjn4ji 

frjsirjsye`
steujwxtsexmfqqegjemjqieytefsx1jwektwefehfunyfq?etwetymjw1nxjenskfrtzxehwnrj?
zsqjxxetsefeuwjxjsyrjsyetwensinhyrjsyetkefelwfsieozw3?ej2hjuyensehfxjxefwnxnsl
nseymjeqfsietwesf0fqektwhjx?etwenseymjernqnynf?e1mjsensefhyzfqexjw0nhjenseynrj
tke1fwetweuzgqnheifsljw.estwexmfqqefs3eujwxtsegjexzgojhyektweymjexfrjetkkjsxj
ytegjey1nhjeuzyenseojtufwi3etkeqnkjetweqnrg.estwexmfqqegjehtrujqqjiensefs3
hwnrnsfqehfxjeytegjefe1nysjxxeflfnsxyemnrxjqk?estwegjeijuwn0jietkeqnkj?
qngjwy3?etweuwtujwy3?e1nymtzyeizjeuwthjxxetkeqf1.estwexmfqqeuwn0fyjeuwtujwy3egj
yfpjsektweuzgqnhezxj?e1nymtzyeozxyehtrujsxfynts 

frjsirjsye~
nsefqqehwnrnsfqeuwtxjhzyntsx?eymjefhhzxjiexmfqqejsot3eymjewnlmyeytefexujji3efsi
uzgqnheywnfq?eg3efsenrufwynfqeozw3etkeymjexyfyjefsieinxywnhye1mjwjnseymjehwnrj
xmfqqemf0jegjjsehtrrnyyji?e1mnhmeinxywnhyexmfqqemf0jegjjseuwj0ntzxq3
fxhjwyfnsjieg3eqf1?efsieytegjensktwrjietkeymjesfyzwjefsiehfzxjetkeymj
fhhzxfynts.eytegjehtskwtsyjie1nymeymje1nysjxxjxeflfnsxyemnr.eytemf0jehtruzqxtw3
uwthjxxektwetgyfnsnsle1nysjxxjxensemnxekf0tw?efsieytemf0jeymjefxxnxyfshjetk
htzsxjqektwemnxeijkjshj 

frjsirjsye!
nsexznyxefyehtrrtseqf1?e1mjwjeymje0fqzjensehtsywt0jwx3exmfqqej2hjjiey1jsy3
itqqfwx?eymjewnlmyetkeywnfqeg3eozw3exmfqqegjeuwjxjw0ji?efsiestekfhyeywnjieg3ef
ozw3?exmfqqegjetymjw1nxjewj]j2frnsjiensefs3ehtzwyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?eymfs
fhhtwinsleyteymjewzqjxetkeymjehtrrtseqf1 

frjsirjsye@
j2hjxxn0jegfnqexmfqqestyegjewjvznwji?estwej2hjxxn0jeknsjxenrutxji?estwehwzjq
fsiezszxzfqeuzsnxmrjsyxenskqnhyji 

frjsirjsye#
ymjejszrjwfyntsenseymjehtsxynyzynts?etkehjwyfnsewnlmyx?exmfqqestyegjehtsxywzji
yteijs3etweinxufwfljetymjwxewjyfnsjieg3eymjeujtuqj 

frjsirjsye65
ymjeut1jwxestyeijqjlfyjieyteymjezsnyjiexyfyjxeg3eymjehtsxynyzynts?estw
uwtmngnyjieg3enyeyteymjexyfyjx?efwjewjxjw0jieyteymjexyfyjxewjxujhyn0jq3?etweyt
ymjeujtuqj 

frjsirjsye66
ymjeozinhnfqeut1jwetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxexmfqqestyegjehtsxywzjieytej2yjsieytefs3
xznyenseqf1etwejvzny3?ehtrrjshjietweuwtxjhzyjieflfnsxyetsjetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx
g3ehnyn4jsxetkefstymjwexyfyj?etweg3ehnyn4jsxetwexzgojhyxetkefs3ektwjnlsexyfyj 

frjsirjsye67
ymjejqjhytwxexmfqqerjjyenseymjnwewjxujhyn0jexyfyjx?efsie0tyjeg3egfqqtyektw
uwjxnijsyefsie0nhj]uwjxnijsy?etsjetke1mtr?efyeqjfxy?exmfqqestyegjefsensmfgnyfsy
tkeymjexfrjexyfyje1nymeymjrxjq0jx.eymj3exmfqqesfrjenseymjnwegfqqtyxeymjeujwxts
0tyjiektwefxeuwjxnijsy?efsienseinxynshyegfqqtyxeymjeujwxtse0tyjiektwefx
0nhj]uwjxnijsy?efsieymj3exmfqqerfpjeinxynshyeqnxyxetkefqqeujwxtsxe0tyjiektwefx
uwjxnijsy?efsietkefqqeujwxtsxe0tyjiektwefxe0nhj]uwjxnijsyefsietkeymjeszrgjwetk
0tyjxektwejfhm?e1mnhmeqnxyxeymj3exmfqqexnlsefsiehjwynk3?efsieywfsxrnyexjfqjieyt
ymjexjfyetkeymjelt0jwsrjsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?einwjhyjieyteymjeuwjxnijsyetk
ymjexjsfyj.

ymjeuwjxnijsyetkeymjexjsfyjexmfqq?enseymjeuwjxjshjetkeymjexjsfyjefsiemtzxjetk
wjuwjxjsyfyn0jx?etujsefqqeymjehjwynknhfyjxefsieymje0tyjxexmfqqeymjsegjehtzsyji.

ymjeujwxtsemf0nsleymjelwjfyjxyeszrgjwetke0tyjxektweuwjxnijsy?exmfqqegjeymj
uwjxnijsy?enkexzhmeszrgjwegjeferfotwny3etkeymje1mtqjeszrgjwetkejqjhytwx
fuutnsyji.efsienkesteujwxtsemf0jexzhmerfotwny3?eymjsekwtreymjeujwxtsxemf0nsl
ymjemnlmjxyeszrgjwxestyej2hjjinsleymwjjetseymjeqnxyetkeymtxje0tyjiektwefx
uwjxnijsy?eymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqqehmttxjenrrjinfyjq3?eg3egfqqty?
ymjeuwjxnijsy egzyensehmttxnsleymjeuwjxnijsy?eymje0tyjxexmfqqegjeyfpjseg3
xyfyjx?eymjewjuwjxjsyfyntsekwtrejfhmexyfyjemf0nsletsje0tyj.efevztwzrektweymnx
uzwutxjexmfqqehtsxnxyetkeferjrgjwetwerjrgjwxekwtrey1t]ymnwixetkeymjexyfyjx?efsi
ferfotwny3etkefqqeymjexyfyjxexmfqqegjesjhjxxfw3eytefehmtnhj efsienkeymjemtzxj
tkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqqestyehmttxjefeuwjxnijsye1mjsj0jweymjewnlmyetkehmtnhj
xmfqqeij0tq0jezutseymjr?egjktwjeymjektzwymeif3etkerfwhmesj2yektqqt1nsl?eymjs
ymje0nhj]uwjxnijsyexmfqqefhyefxeuwjxnijsy?efxenseymjehfxjetkeymjeijfymetwetymjw
htsxynyzyntsfqeinxfgnqny3etkeymjeuwjxnijsy 

ymjeujwxtsemf0nsleymjelwjfyjxyeszrgjwetke0tyjxefxe0nhj]uwjxnijsy?exmfqqegjeymj
0nhj]uwjxnijsy?enkexzhmeszrgjwegjeferfotwny3etkeymje1mtqjeszrgjwetkejqjhytwx
fuutnsyji?efsienkesteujwxtsemf0jeferfotwny3?eymjsekwtreymjey1temnlmjxyeszrgjwx
tseymjeqnxy?eymjexjsfyjexmfqqehmttxjeymje0nhj]uwjxnijsy.efevztwzrektweymj
uzwutxjexmfqqehtsxnxyetkey1t]ymnwixetkeymje1mtqjeszrgjwetkexjsfytwx?efsief
rfotwny3etkeymje1mtqjeszrgjwexmfqqegjesjhjxxfw3eytefehmtnhj egzyesteujwxts
htsxynyzyntsfqq3ensjqnlngqjeyteymjetkknhjetkeuwjxnijsyexmfqqegjejqnlngqjeyt
ymfyetke0nhj]uwjxnijsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx 

frjsirjsye68
6 esjnymjwexqf0jw3estwens0tqzsyfw3exjw0nyzij?ej2hjuyefxefeuzsnxmrjsyektwehwnrj
1mjwjtkeymjeufwy3exmfqqemf0jegjjseizq3ehts0nhyji?exmfqqej2nxye1nymnseymjezsnyji
xyfyjx?etwefs3euqfhjexzgojhyeyteymjnweozwnxinhynts 

7 ehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweytejsktwhjeymnxefwynhqjeg3efuuwtuwnfyj
qjlnxqfynts 

frjsirjsye69
6 efqqeujwxtsxegtwsetwesfyzwfqn4jienseymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?efsiexzgojhyeyteymj
ozwnxinhyntseymjwjtk?efwjehnyn4jsxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxefsietkeymjexyfyj
1mjwjnseymj3ewjxnij estexyfyjexmfqqerfpjetwejsktwhjefs3eqf1e1mnhmexmfqqefgwnilj
ymjeuwn0nqjljxetwenrrzsnynjxetkehnyn4jsxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx.estwexmfqqefs3
xyfyjeijuwn0jefs3eujwxtsetkeqnkj?eqngjwy3?etweuwtujwy3?e1nymtzyeizjeuwthjxxetk
qf1.estweijs3eytefs3eujwxtse1nymnsenyxeozwnxinhyntseymjejvzfqeuwtyjhyntsetkeymj
qf1x 

7 ewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqqegjefuutwyntsjiefrtsleymjexj0jwfqexyfyjxefhhtwinsleyt
ymjnwewjxujhyn0jeszrgjwx?ehtzsynsleymje1mtqjeszrgjwetkeujwxtsxensejfhmexyfyj?
j2hqzinslensinfsxestyeyf2ji egzye1mjseymjewnlmyeyte0tyjefyefs3ejqjhyntsektweymj
hmtnhjetkejqjhytwxektweuwjxnijsyefsie0nhj]uwjxnijsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?
wjuwjxjsyfyn0jxensehtslwjxx?eymjej2jhzyn0jefsieozinhnfqetkknhjwxetkefexyfyj?etw
ymjerjrgjwxetkeymjeqjlnxqfyzwjeymjwjtk?enxeijsnjieytefs3etkeymjerfqj
nsmfgnyfsyxetkexzhmexyfyj?egjnsley1jsy3]tsje3jfwxetkeflj?efsiehnyn4jsxetkeymj
zsnyjiexyfyjx?etwensefs3e1f3efgwnilji?ej2hjuyektweufwynhnufyntsensewjgjqqnts?
twetymjwehwnrj?eymjegfxnxetkewjuwjxjsyfyntseymjwjnsexmfqqegjewjizhjienseymj
uwtutwyntse1mnhmeymjeszrgjwetkexzhmerfqjehnyn4jsxexmfqqegjfweyteymje1mtqj
szrgjwetkerfqjehnyn4jsxey1jsy3]tsje3jfwxetkefljensexzhmexyfyj 

8 esteujwxtsexmfqqegjefexjsfytwetwewjuwjxjsyfyn0jensehtslwjxx?etwejqjhytwetk
uwjxnijsyefsie0nhj]uwjxnijsy?etwemtqiefs3etkknhj?ehn0nqetwernqnyfw3?ezsijweymj
zsnyjiexyfyjx?etwezsijwefs3exyfyj?e1mt?emf0nsleuwj0ntzxq3eyfpjsefsetfym?efxef
rjrgjwetkehtslwjxx?etwefxefsetkknhjwetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?etwefxeferjrgjwetk
fs3exyfyjeqjlnxqfyzwj?etwefxefsej2jhzyn0jetweozinhnfqetkknhjwetkefs3exyfyj?eyt
xzuutwyeymjehtsxynyzyntsetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?exmfqqemf0jejslfljiens
nsxzwwjhyntsetwewjgjqqntseflfnsxyeymjexfrj?etweln0jsefnietwehtrktwyeyteymj
jsjrnjxeymjwjtk egzyehtslwjxxerf3eg3efe0tyjetkey1t]ymnwixetkejfhmemtzxj?ewjrt0j
xzhmeinxfgnqny3 

9 eymje0fqniny3etkeymjeuzgqnheijgyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?efzymtwn4jieg3eqf1?
nshqzinsleijgyxenshzwwjiektweuf3rjsyetkeujsxntsxefsiegtzsynjxektwexjw0nhjxens
xzuuwjxxnslensxzwwjhyntsetwewjgjqqnts?exmfqqestyegjevzjxyntsji egzyesjnymjweymj
zsnyjiexyfyjxestwefs3exyfyjexmfqqefxxzrjetweuf3efs3eijgyetwetgqnlfyntsenshzwwji
nsefnietkensxzwwjhyntsetwewjgjqqntseflfnsxyeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?etwefs3ehqfnrektw
ymjeqtxxetwejrfshnufyntsetkefs3exqf0j.egzyefqqexzhmeijgyx?etgqnlfyntsxefsi
hqfnrxexmfqqegjemjqienqqjlfqefsie0tni 

` eymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweytejsktwhj?eg3efuuwtuwnfyjeqjlnxqfynts?eymj
uwt0nxntsxetkeymnxefwynhqj 

frjsirjsye6`
6 eymjewnlmyetkehnyn4jsxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxeyte0tyjexmfqqestyegjeijsnjietw
fgwniljieg3eymjezsnyjiexyfyjxetweg3efs3exyfyjetsefhhtzsyetkewfhj?ehtqtw?etw
uwj0ntzxehtsinyntsetkexjw0nyzij 

7 eymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweytejsktwhjeymnxefwynhqjeg3efuuwtuwnfyj
qjlnxqfynts 

frjsirjsye6~
ymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweyteqf3efsiehtqqjhyeyf2jxetsenshtrjx?ekwtr
1mfyj0jwextzwhjeijwn0ji?e1nymtzyefuutwyntsrjsyefrtsleymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?efsi
1nymtzyewjlfwieytefs3ehjsxzxetwejszrjwfynts 

frjsirjsye6!
ymjexjsfyjetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxexmfqqegjehtrutxjietkey1texjsfytwxekwtrejfhm
xyfyj?ejqjhyjieg3eymjeujtuqjeymjwjtk?ektwexn2e3jfwx.efsiejfhmexjsfytwexmfqq
mf0jetsje0tyj eymjejqjhytwxensejfhmexyfyjexmfqqemf0jeymjevzfqnknhfyntsx
wjvznxnyjektwejqjhytwxetkeymjertxyeszrjwtzxegwfshmetkeymjexyfyjeqjlnxqfyzwjx 

1mjse0fhfshnjxemfuujsenseymjewjuwjxjsyfyntsetkefs3exyfyjenseymjexjsfyj?eymj
j2jhzyn0jefzymtwny3etkexzhmexyfyjexmfqqenxxzje1wnyxetkejqjhyntseyteknqqexzhm
0fhfshnjx<euwt0niji?eymfyeymjeqjlnxqfyzwjetkefs3exyfyjerf3ejrut1jweymj
j2jhzyn0jeymjwjtkeyterfpjeyjrutwfw3efuutnsyrjsyxezsynqeymjeujtuqjeknqqeymj
0fhfshnjxeg3ejqjhyntsefxeymjeqjlnxqfyzwjerf3einwjhy 

ymnxefrjsirjsyexmfqqestyegjextehtsxywzjiefxeytefkkjhyeymjejqjhyntsetweyjwretk
fs3exjsfytwehmtxjsegjktwjenyegjhtrjxe0fqniefxeufwyetkeymjehtsxynyzynts 

frjsirjsye6@
6 efkyjwetsje3jfwekwtreymjewfynknhfyntsetkeymnxefwynhqjeymjerfszkfhyzwj?exfqj?
tweywfsxutwyfyntsetkensyt2nhfynsleqnvztwxe1nymns?eymjenrutwyfyntseymjwjtkensyt?
tweymjej2utwyfyntseymjwjtkekwtreymjezsnyjiexyfyjxefsiefqqeyjwwnytw3exzgojhyeyt
ymjeozwnxinhyntseymjwjtkektwegj0jwfljeuzwutxjxenxemjwjg3euwtmngnyji 

7 eymjehtslwjxxefsieymjexj0jwfqexyfyjxexmfqqemf0jehtshzwwjsyeut1jweytejsktwhj
ymnxefwynhqjeg3efuuwtuwnfyjeqjlnxqfynts 

8 eymnxefwynhqjexmfqqegjenstujwfyn0jezsqjxxenyexmfqqemf0jegjjsewfynknjiefxefs
frjsirjsyeyteymjehtsxynyzyntseg3eymjeqjlnxqfyzwjxetkeymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?efx
uwt0nijienseymjehtsxynyzynts?e1nymnsexj0jse3jfwxekwtreymjeifyjetkeymj
xzgrnxxntsemjwjtkeyteymjexyfyjxeg3eymjehtslwjxx 

frjsirjsye6#
ymjewnlmyetkehnyn4jsxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxeyte0tyjexmfqqestyegjeijsnjietw
fgwniljieg3eymjezsnyjiexyfyjxetweg3efs3exyfyjetsefhhtzsyetkexj2 

htslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweytejsktwhjeymnxefwynhqjeg3efuuwtuwnfyjeqjlnxqfynts 

frjsirjsye75
6 eymjeyjwrxetkeymjeuwjxnijsyefsie0nhjeuwjxnijsyexmfqqejsiefyesttsetseymje75ym
if3etkeofszfw3?efsieymjeyjwrxetkexjsfytwxefsiewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxefyesttsetseymje8i
if3etkeofszfw3?etkeymje3jfwxense1mnhmexzhmeyjwrxe1tzqiemf0jejsijienkeymnx
fwynhqjemfiestyegjjsewfynknji.efsieymjeyjwrxetkeymjnwexzhhjxxtwxexmfqqeymjs
gjlns 

7 eymjehtslwjxxexmfqqefxxjrgqjefyeqjfxyetshjensej0jw3e3jfw?efsiexzhmerjjynsl
xmfqqegjlnsefyesttsetseymje8ieif3etkeofszfw3?ezsqjxxeymj3exmfqqeg3eqf1efuutnsy
feinkkjwjsyeif3 

8 enk?efyeymjeynrjekn2jiektweymjegjlnssnsletkeymjeyjwretkeymjeuwjxnijsy?eymj
uwjxnijsyejqjhyexmfqqemf0jeinji?eymje0nhjeuwjxnijsyejqjhyexmfqqegjhtrj
uwjxnijsy enkefeuwjxnijsyexmfqqestyemf0jegjjsehmtxjsegjktwjeymjeynrjekn2jiektw
ymjegjlnssnsletkemnxeyjwr?etwenkeymjeuwjxnijsyejqjhyexmfqqemf0jekfnqjieyt
vzfqnk3?eymjseymje0nhjeuwjxnijsyejqjhyexmfqqefhyefxeuwjxnijsyezsynqefeuwjxnijsy
xmfqqemf0jevzfqnknji.efsieymjehtslwjxxerf3eg3eqf1euwt0nijektweymjehfxje1mjwjns
sjnymjwefeuwjxnijsyejqjhyestwefe0nhjeuwjxnijsyejqjhyexmfqqemf0jevzfqnknji?
ijhqfwnsle1mtexmfqqeymjsefhyefxeuwjxnijsy?etweymjerfssjwense1mnhmetsje1mtenxeyt
fhyexmfqqegjexjqjhyji?efsiexzhmeujwxtsexmfqqefhyefhhtwinslq3ezsynqefeuwjxnijsy
twe0nhjeuwjxnijsyexmfqqemf0jevzfqnknji 

9 eymjehtslwjxxerf3eg3eqf1euwt0nijektweymjehfxjetkeymjeijfymetkefs3etkeymj
ujwxtsxekwtre1mtreymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxerf3ehmttxjefeuwjxnijsye1mjsj0jw
ymjewnlmyetkehmtnhjexmfqqemf0jeij0tq0jiezutseymjr?efsiektweymjehfxjetkeymj
ijfymetkefs3etkeymjeujwxtsxekwtre1mtreymjexjsfyjerf3ehmttxjefe0nhjeuwjxnijsy
1mjsj0jweymjewnlmyetkehmtnhjexmfqqemf0jeij0tq0jiezutseymjr 

` exjhyntsxe6efsie7exmfqqeyfpjejkkjhyetseymje6`ymeif3etkethytgjwektqqt1nsleymj
wfynknhfyntsetkeymnxefwynhqj 

~ eymnxefwynhqjexmfqqegjenstujwfyn0jezsqjxxenyexmfqqemf0jegjjsewfynknjiefxefs
frjsirjsyeyteymjehtsxynyzyntseg3eymjeqjlnxqfyzwjxetkeymwjj]ktzwymxetkeymj
xj0jwfqexyfyjxe1nymnsexj0jse3jfwxekwtreymjeifyjetkenyxexzgrnxxnts 

frjsirjsye76
6 eymjejnlmyjjsymefwynhqjetkefrjsirjsyeyteymjehtsxynyzyntsetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx
nxemjwjg3ewjujfqji 

7 eymjeywfsxutwyfyntsetwenrutwyfyntsensytefs3exyfyj?eyjwwnytw3?etweutxxjxxnts
tkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxektweijqn0jw3etwezxjeymjwjnsetkensyt2nhfynsleqnvztwx?ens
0ntqfyntsetkeymjeqf1xeymjwjtk?enxemjwjg3euwtmngnyji 

8 eymjefwynhqjexmfqqegjenstujwfyn0jezsqjxxenyexmfqqemf0jegjjsewfynknjiefxefs
frjsirjsyeyteymjehtsxynyzyntseg3ehts0jsyntsxenseymjexj0jwfqexyfyjx?efxeuwt0niji
nseymjehtsxynyzynts?e1nymnsexj0jse3jfwxekwtreymjeifyjetkeymjexzgrnxxntsemjwjtk
yteymjexyfyjxeg3eymjehtslwjxx 

frjsirjsye77
6 esteujwxtsexmfqqegjejqjhyjieyteymjetkknhjetkeymjeuwjxnijsyertwjeymfsey1nhj?
fsiesteujwxtse1mtemfxemjqieymjetkknhjetkeuwjxnijsy?etwefhyjiefxeuwjxnijsy?ektw
rtwjeymfsey1te3jfwxetkefeyjwreyte1mnhmextrjetymjweujwxtse1fxejqjhyjieuwjxnijsy
xmfqqegjejqjhyjieyteymjetkknhjetkeymjeuwjxnijsyertwjeymfsetshj egzyeymnx
fwynhqjexmfqqestyefuuq3eytefs3eujwxtsemtqinsleymjetkknhjetkeuwjxnijsy?e1mjseymnx
fwynhqje1fxeuwtutxjieg3eymjehtslwjxx?efsiexmfqqestyeuwj0jsyefs3eujwxtse1mterf3
gjemtqinsleymjetkknhjetkeuwjxnijsy?etwefhynslefxeuwjxnijsy?eizwnsleymjeyjwr
1nymnse1mnhmeymnxefwynhqjegjhtrjxetujwfyn0jekwtremtqinsleymjetkknhjetk
uwjxnijsyetwefhynslefxeuwjxnijsyeizwnsleymjewjrfnsijwetkexzhmeyjwr 

7 eymnxefwynhqjexmfqqegjenstujwfyn0jezsqjxxenyexmfqqemf0jegjjsewfynknjiefxefs
frjsirjsyeyteymjehtsxynyzyntseg3eymjeqjlnxqfyzwjxetkeymwjj]ktzwymxetkeymj
xj0jwfqexyfyjxe1nymnsexj0jse3jfwxekwtreymjeifyjetkenyxexzgrnxxntseyteymjexyfyjx
g3eymjehtslwjxx 

frjsirjsye78
6 eymjeinxywnhyehtsxynyzynsleymjexjfyetkelt0jwsrjsyetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxexmfqq
fuutnsyensexzhmerfssjwefxeymjehtslwjxxerf3einwjhy<efeszrgjwetkejqjhytwxetk
uwjxnijsyefsie0nhjeuwjxnijsyejvzfqeyteymje1mtqjeszrgjwetkexjsfytwxefsi
wjuwjxjsyfyn0jxensehtslwjxxeyte1mnhmeymjeinxywnhye1tzqiegjejsynyqjienkenye1jwj
fexyfyj?egzyensestej0jsyertwjeymfseymjeqjfxyeutuzqtzxexyfyj.eymj3exmfqqegjens
fiinyntseyteymtxjefuutnsyjieg3eymjexyfyjx?egzyeymj3exmfqqegjehtsxnijwji?ektw
ymjeuzwutxjxetkeymjejqjhyntsetkeuwjxnijsyefsie0nhjeuwjxnijsy?eytegjejqjhytwx
fuutnsyjieg3efexyfyj.efsieymj3exmfqqerjjyenseymjeinxywnhyefsieujwktwrexzhm
izynjxefxeuwt0nijieg3eymjey1jqkymefwynhqjetkefrjsirjsy 

7 eymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweytejsktwhjeymnxefwynhqjeg3efuuwtuwnfyj
qjlnxqfynts 

frjsirjsye79
6 eymjewnlmyetkehnyn4jsxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjxeyte0tyjensefs3euwnrfw3etwetymjw
jqjhyntsektweuwjxnijsyetwe0nhjeuwjxnijsy?ektwejqjhytwxektweuwjxnijsyetw
0nhjeuwjxnijsy?etwektwexjsfytwetwewjuwjxjsyfyn0jensehtslwjxx?exmfqqestyegj
ijsnjietwefgwniljieg3eymjezsnyjiexyfyjxetwefs3exyfyjeg3ewjfxtsetkekfnqzwjeyt
uf3efs3eutqqeyf2etwetymjweyf2 

7 eymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweytejsktwhjeymnxefwynhqjeg3efuuwtuwnfyj
qjlnxqfynts 

frjsirjsye7`
6 ensehfxjetkeymjewjrt0fqetkeymjeuwjxnijsyekwtretkknhjetwetkemnxeijfymetw
wjxnlsfynts?eymje0nhjeuwjxnijsyexmfqqegjhtrjeuwjxnijsy 

7 e1mjsj0jweymjwjenxefe0fhfsh3enseymjetkknhjetkeymje0nhjeuwjxnijsy?eymj
uwjxnijsyexmfqqestrnsfyjefe0nhjeuwjxnijsye1mtexmfqqeyfpjetkknhjezuts
htsknwrfyntseg3eferfotwny3e0tyjetkegtymemtzxjxetkehtslwjxx 

8 e1mjsj0jweymjeuwjxnijsyeywfsxrnyxeyteymjeuwjxnijsyeuwteyjrutwjetkeymjexjsfyj
fsieymjexujfpjwetkeymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxemnxe1wnyyjseijhqfwfyntseymfyemj
nxezsfgqjeyteinxhmfwljeymjeut1jwxefsieizynjxetkemnxetkknhj?efsiezsynqemj
ywfsxrnyxeyteymjrefe1wnyyjseijhqfwfyntseyteymjehtsywfw3?exzhmeut1jwxefsieizynjx
xmfqqegjeinxhmfwljieg3eymje0nhjeuwjxnijsyefxefhynsleuwjxnijsy 

9 e1mjsj0jweymje0nhjeuwjxnijsyefsieferfotwny3etkejnymjweymjeuwnshnufqetkknhjwx
tkeymjej2jhzyn0jeijufwyrjsyxetwetkexzhmetymjwegti3efxehtslwjxxerf3eg3eqf1
uwt0nij?eywfsxrnyeyteymjeuwjxnijsyeuwteyjrutwjetkeymjexjsfyjefsieymjexujfpjwetk
ymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxeymjnwe1wnyyjseijhqfwfyntseymfyeymjeuwjxnijsyenx
zsfgqjeyteinxhmfwljeymjeut1jwxefsieizynjxetkemnxetkknhj?eymje0nhjeuwjxnijsy
xmfqqenrrjinfyjq3efxxzrjeymjeut1jwxefsieizynjxetkeymjetkknhjefxefhynsl
uwjxnijsy 

ymjwjfkyjw?e1mjseymjeuwjxnijsyeywfsxrnyxeyteymjeuwjxnijsyeuwteyjrutwjetkeymj
xjsfyjefsieymjexujfpjwetkeymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxemnxe1wnyyjseijhqfwfynts
ymfyestensfgnqny3ej2nxyx?emjexmfqqewjxzrjeymjeut1jwxefsieizynjxetkemnxetkknhj
zsqjxxeymje0nhjeuwjxnijsyefsieferfotwny3etkejnymjweymjeuwnshnufqetkknhjwxetk
ymjej2jhzyn0jeijufwyrjsyetwetkexzhmetymjwegti3efxehtslwjxxerf3eg3eqf1euwt0nij?
ywfsxrnye1nymnsektzweif3xeyteymjeuwjxnijsyeuwteyjrutwjetkeymjexjsfyjefsieymj
xujfpjwetkeymjemtzxjetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxeymjnwe1wnyyjseijhqfwfyntseymfyeymj
uwjxnijsyenxezsfgqjeyteinxhmfwljeymjeut1jwxefsieizynjxetkemnxetkknhj eymjwjzuts
htslwjxxexmfqqeijhnijeymjenxxzj?efxxjrgqnsle1nymnsektwy3ejnlmyemtzwxektweymfy
uzwutxjenkestyensexjxxnts enkeymjehtslwjxx?e1nymnsey1jsy3etsjeif3xefkyjw
wjhjnuyetkeymjeqfyyjwe1wnyyjseijhqfwfynts?etw?enkehtslwjxxenxestyensexjxxnts?
1nymnsey1jsy3etsjeif3xefkyjwehtslwjxxenxewjvznwjieytefxxjrgqj?eijyjwrnsjxeg3
y1teymnwixe0tyjetkegtymemtzxjxeymfyeymjeuwjxnijsyenxezsfgqjeyteinxhmfwljeymj
ut1jwxefsieizynjxetkemnxetkknhj?eymje0nhjeuwjxnijsyexmfqqehtsynszjeyteinxhmfwlj
ymjexfrjefxefhynsleuwjxnijsy.etymjw1nxj?eymjeuwjxnijsyexmfqqewjxzrjeymjeut1jwx
fsieizynjxetkemnxetkknhj 

frjsirjsye7~
6 eymjewnlmyetkehnyn4jsxetkeymjezsnyjiexyfyjx?e1mtefwjejnlmyjjse3jfwxetkefljetw
tqijw?eyte0tyjexmfqqestyegjeijsnjietwefgwniljieg3eymjezsnyjiexyfyjxetweg3efs3
xyfyjetsefhhtzsyetkeflj 

7 eymjehtslwjxxexmfqqemf0jeut1jweytejsktwhjeymnxefwynhqjeg3efuuwtuwnfyj
qjlnxqfynts 

frjsirjsye7!
steqf1?e0fw3nsleymjehtrujsxfyntsektweymjexjw0nhjxetkeymjexjsfytwxefsi
wjuwjxjsyfyn0jx?exmfqqeyfpjejkkjhy?ezsynqefsejqjhyntsetkewjuwjxjsyfyn0jxexmfqq
mf0jensyjw0jsji 